Add 3D rendering release notes (#1411)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/release-notes/12916_Implement_visibility_ranges_also_known_as_hierarchical_lev.md

<!-- Implement visibility ranges, also known as hierarchical levels of detail (HLODs). -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/12916 -->

When looking at objects far away, it's hard to make out the details!
This obvious fact is just as true in rendering as it is in real life.

> As a result, using complex, high-fidelity models for distant objects is a waste: we can replace them with simplified equivalents (whose lower resolution textures are called mipmaps).

Reviewer: If we consider a model to be the combination of a mesh and a material (including its textures) then I think this is clearer.
```suggestion
As a result, using complex, high-fidelity models for distant objects is a waste: we can replace their meshes with simplified equivalents (whose lower resolution textures are called mipmaps).
```

> As a result, using complex, high-fidelity models for distant objects is a waste: we can replace their meshes with simplified equivalents (whose lower resolution textures are called mipmaps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result, using complex, high-fidelity models for distant objects is a waste: we can replace their meshes with simplified equivalents.
```

I don't think texture mipmaps are particularly relavant to LODs. While there are similarities in what they try to do, I don't think visibility ranges cares about mipmaps.

> By automatically varying the **level-of-detail** (LOD) of our models in this way, we can render much larger scenes (or the same open world with a higher draw distance), swapping out models on the fly based on their proximity to the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By automatically varying the **level-of-detail** (LOD) of our models in this way, we can render much larger scenes (or the same open world with a higher draw distance), swapping out meshes on the fly based on their proximity to the player.
```

Bevy now supports one of the most foundational tools for this: **visibility ranges** (sometimes called hierarchical levels of detail, as it allows users to replace multiple meshes with a single object).

> By setting the `VisibilityRange` component on your model entities, developers can automatically control the range from the camera at which their models will appear and disappear, automatically fading between the two options using dithering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the `VisibilityRange` component on your mesh entities, developers can automatically control the range from the camera at which their meshes will appear and disappear, automatically fading between the two options using dithering.
```
